Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedcommission-calculator
<br>
Modify the Week Two Java&#x2122; application using Java to meet these additional and changed business requirements: The company has recently changed its total annual compensation policy to improve sales. A salesperson will continue to earn a fixed salary of . The current sales target for every salesperson is &lt; Add a target sales figure here (e.g. $120,000). The sales incentive will only start when 80% of the sales target is met. The current commission is of total sales. If a salesperson exceeds the sales target, the commission will increase based on an acceleration factor. The acceleration factor is . The application should ask the user to enter annual sales, and it should display the total annual compensation. The application should also display a table of potential total annual compensation that the salesperson could have earned, in $5000 increments above the salesperson’s annual sales, until it reaches 50% above the salesperson’s annual sales. Sample Table: Assuming a total annual sales of $100,000, the table would look like this: Total Sales Total Compensation 100,000 &lt; 105,000 &lt; 110,000 &lt; 115,000 &lt; 120,000 &lt; 125,000 &lt; 130,000 &lt; 135,000 &lt; 140,000 &lt; 145,000 &lt; 150,000 &lt; The Java&#x2122; application should also meet these technical requirements: The application should have at least one class, in addition to the application’s controlling class. The source code must demonstrate the use of conditional and looping structures. There should be proper documentation in the source code.